hey guys welcome to lingual marina today
we're gonna talk about your mistakes in
English and sometimes people correct
your mistakes and they're totally right
and it's good when people are giving you
a feedback I actually love when people
tell me that I make mistakes because
this is the way for me to improve my
language but sometimes people gets too
snobby and correct things that are not
actually mistakes and there are a lot of
snobs all over the internet there are
I'm sure a lot of snobs in your life
today we're gonna talk about mistakes
that aren't really mistakes so if you're
interested continue watching this video
[Music]
a lot of people would tell you that you
cannot end your sentence with a
preposition so for example you're saying
where are you going to and people say
you cannot do that you can say where
you're going but you cannot say where
you're going to because the sentence
ends with preposition at this is
grammatically incorrect it is not
incorrect it is okay to say where you're
going to who are you talking to who are
you walking with it's completely fine to
end your sentence with a preposition
sometimes it might sound a little
unnatural and you can paraphrase your
sentence and say to whom are you talking
right now but I would say the second
version sounds even more unnatural so
who are you talking to where are you
going to where are you coming from it's
completely okay there is no mistake in
putting your preposition in the end of
your sentence there are a lot of words
in English that are kind of singular but
they mean floral things for example data
if we go to the roots of this word and
by the way I love going to the rest of
different words because then you
understand where it's coming from you
understand the history of the word and
you can have more information to make
the right decision so data comes from
Latin and in Latin it was plural and
obviously when you have a set of
different information points of course
it's plural and some people will tell
you you can't say this data isn't enough
you should say the data you present it
aren't enough because yes it's from
Latin yes it should be plural but it's
completely okay to say data is enough or
in other words use data as a singular
noun because words come to us from Latin
but then they evolve in our language
they evolve in our everyday life and we
say data yes we actually mean a lot of
information but this word is one word
that describes that information and we
can use it as a singular noun this data
is enough if you want to sound better in
English it is very useful to read and
and listen to people who speak English
in the right way every single day and I
know there are so many books out there
that I want to read that you want to
read and there's an app called blink
--is that actually tells you the most
important things from every single book
in 15-minute formats you can either
listen to it or you can read it and I
think this is one of the best inventions
for people like me who just want to read
everything that's out there on the
market and blink is just sponsoring this
video so you're getting something
special I really recommend that you
start exploring Linkous with reading the
best sellers because they are written in
a way that is natural to millions of
people all over the world for example
one of my favorite books is called the
seven Habits of Highly Effective People
and then over here learning English and
trying to do something else with your
life you need to be really effective
because you're watching this video
you're getting something special the
first 100 people who hit the link below
are gonna get free trial of Linkous for
seven days you can cancel anytime
but during this free trial you get
access to their amazing books and you
can read the book that I've recommended
and if you want to continue with a full
membership you're gonna get 25% off the
link will be below beat one of the first
100 people the next mistake is really
well kind of mistake really common and
people would correct me a lot especially
here on YouTube when somebody asks you
how are you you can say I'm good I'm
good well for some people it might sound
incorrect something I want you to
remember it's grammatically if we dig
into everything and I'm gonna explain
this later it's correct it's just one
thing to remember if you're writing a
test if you're writing an exam you can't
say I'm good
but if a person is not used to this if
he considers this phrase to be wrong
they can actually lower your score so if
you're writing a test and you need to
write how are you I would rather reply
with um well I'm well but in your
everyday life you can say I'm good as
well and here's the explanation yes
there is a rule when we have a verb we
should
with an adverb so to be as a verb and if
you want to describe something as a verb
you should use an adverb
he runs quickly she writes correctly he
sees poorly I run well so whenever we're
describing a verb yes we use an adverb
but there is such thing as linking verbs
and with linking verbs when you want to
describe it you're not describing an
action you're rather describing a state
here are some examples of linking verbs
tastes feels acts seems becomes sounds
appears looks turns there are a lot of
them and with them it's totally fine to
use an adjective because again you're
not describing an action you are
describing a state she seems okay she
seems fine she seems beautiful I feel
bad I feel bad so with this linking
verbs totally okay to use an adjective
and this is why it's totally okay to say
I'm good because with this verb you're
rather describing your state you're not
really focusing on being on this plan
and you're actually focusing on your
state and this is why it's fine to say
I'm good
the next thing that people get snobby
about is using me sometimes I would say
do you want to come out with dima and me
and people be like do you mean with dima
and i so the rule of thumb here is to
omit dima from the sentence when you
want to ask somebody to come out with
you what would you say I would say do
you want to come out with me you
wouldn't say do you want to come out
with I this is a little weird so
whenever in doubt try to omit the second
person or the second object from your
sentence see what happens to me versus I
and then use the same version in the
sentence that you're trying to build do
you want to come with me the next
mistake that people try to correct is
starting a sentence with hopefully let's
look at the sentence hopefully marina
will record another video and people who
would tell you that you cannot start
your sentence with hopefully because
they explained the sentence in a way
that marina will record a video in a
hopeful manner
which is not true.really because
hopefully has become one of those
introductory words like however more
often furthermore and other words that
you can totally start your sentence with
so starting a sentence with hopefully is
okay however it's not really okay to
start your sentence with but or and you
need to replace these words with
introductory words so instead of saying
but I wanted to do that you should say
however I wanted to do that instead of
saying and she also brought bread it's
more dramatically correct to say Kaurava
she brought Fred now the last but not
the least let's look at the sentence
each student has submitted their artwork
to the committee now some people might
tell you hey you have each student here
and then you have has which is singular
and then somehow you say there why don't
you say each student has submitted his
or her work to the committee because
that sounds kind of grammatically more
correct because you have this each in
the beginning it's not a mistake really
you can use their in this case because
the rule of thumb here if you are
referring to a kind of generic person
each student means a generic person
that's a part of a big group it's fine
to use their because with each student
we actually mean the class we actually
mean the group so there is totally okay
in this case that was it for me for
today guys thank you so much for
watching this video let me know if you
understood everything let me know if I
should maybe slow down in my next videos
let me know what your level of English
is down below if you're not yet
subscribed this channel this is another
mistake that you're making hit subscribe
like this video if you liked it and I
will see you very soon in my next videos